.Dd October 1, 2016
.Dt MC_ECHO 8
.Os
.An Ic Robin Pq Ic chinese name yanwenze
.Sh Name
.Nm mc_echo
.Nd A echo server
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl 46cvfugp
.Op Fl 4 Ar ipv4
.Op Fl 6 Ar ipv6
.Op Fl c Ar check version
.Op Fl v Ar show environment
.OP Fl f Ar configuration file
.Op Fl u Ar user
.Op Fl g Ar group
.Op Fl p Ar port
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
is a echo
server program.
.Nm
is designed to be run as a standalone daemon process.
.Ss Options
The options are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width
.It Fl 4
Run
.Nm
on ipv4.
.It Fl 6
Run
.Nm
on ipv6.
.It Fl c
Check the environment after reading config file and then exit.
.It Fl v
Print the Version of
.Nm
and then exit.
.It Fl f Ar configuration file
Configuration parameters are read from the specified file
The default configuration file is 
.Pa /etc/mc_httpd.conf.
.It Fl u Ar user
Set the uid of the process to the specified value. The user name and uid are all acceptable parameters. 
The priority is higher than user parameter in the configuration file.
.It Fl g Ar group
Set the gid of the process to the specified value. The group name and gid are all acceptable parameters. 
The priority is higher than group parameter in the configuration file.
.It Fl p Ar port
Specify the port number. 
The priority is higher than port parameter in the configuration file.
.El
.Ss Configuration File
Comments can appear anywhere. There is a sample in doc directory.
The configuration parameters are as follows:
.It 
.Ic ipversion
.D1 Specify ip version.
.It
.Ic maxprocesses
.D1 The maximum processes to deal request.
.It
.Ic maxrequests
.D1 The maximum requests a deal process can deal.
.It
.Ic port
.D1 Specify port number. 
.It
.Ic backlog
.D1 Specifies the backlog value of the listen function. 
.It
.Ic upperthreshold
.D1 scheduling parameter.
.It 
.Ic lowerthreshold
.D1 scheduling parameter.
.It 
.Ic cycletime
.D1 cycle time for scheduling.
.It
.Ic user
.D1 Set the uid of the process to the specified value. The user name and uid are all acceptable parameters. 
.It
.Ic group 
.D1 Set the gid of the process to the specified value. The group name and gid are all acceptable parameters. 
.It
.Ic logfile
.D1 Server log file.
.It
.Ic pidfile
.D1 Server pid file
.It
.Ic keyfile
.D1 Privatekey file
.It
.Ic certfile
.D1 Certificate file
.It
.Ic cipher
.D1 Cipher
.Sh Signal
.It
.Ic SIGTGERM 
.D1 KILL the server process gracefully.
.It
.Ic SIGHUP
.D1 Restart the server process. 
.Sh EXAMPLES
mc_echo
.Sh AUTHOR
.Ic Robin Pq Ic chinese name yanwenze
.Sh BUGS
If you find any bugs or have any suggestions, please don't hesitate to contact with me. My email is nnsmgsone@gmail.com.
